Are you sleeping?
Sheriff, your mother will be here in a while, don't talk nonsense
Otherwise, I'll have someone smash his stall
He broke his legs.
Make him a cripple for the rest of his life
Did you hear that?
Why don't you hurry up and change your clothes?
Go change clothes
I didn't mean to.
I don't know Qin He didn't do it on purpose
We don't blame him either.
But Xiaohui's father died early
Xiaohui is the only pillar of the family
You said if he fell, the company would collapse
If the company collapses
How will we survive in the future?
In-laws, don't worry.
What difficulties did Xiaohui's company encounter?
You tell me first
I'll figure it out.
Really?
Recently, there has been a problem with the company's liquidity.
Urgent need 5 million turnover
Xiaohui is thin-skinned
Sorry to go to his uncle
I just want to ask you to find his uncle in the name of affinity
Borrow 5 million urgent
OK
I went to Xiaohui's uncle to help my mother.
In fact, I congratulate him on being a good boy
Just a little grumpy
Don't worry, we won't let him start a family
aggrieved
Qinghe Xiaohui and her mother-in-law are so kind to you
You have to listen to them in the future
Have more children
Start a family for them and achieve mutual results
Don't always play petty and bully others Xiaohui
You are having a happy family
happy
Mom is content
I see.
Our mom is leaving first
I'll go first
Go slowly, mom, go slowly
What are you discriminating against?
What is discrimination?
Come here, come here, come here, look, look
What happened to your lifeline?
No one helps you.
You almost said everything just now
I'll kill you!
Kill you wow
Mr. Jun save me
No one will help you if you can't save it.
Wow